AoC16/Day06/Readme.md, before:

﻿

## --- Day 6: Signals and Noise ---

Something is jamming your communications with Santa. Fortunately, your signal is only partially jammed, and protocol in situations like this is to switch to a simple  [repetition code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Repetition_code)  to get the message through.

In this model, the same message is sent repeatedly. You've recorded the repeating message signal (your puzzle input), but the data seems quite corrupted - almost too badly to recover.  _Almost_.

All you need to do is figure out which character is most frequent for each position. For example, suppose you had recorded the following messages:

```
eedadn
drvtee
eandsr
raavrd
atevrs
tsrnev
sdttsa
rasrtv
nssdts
ntnada
svetve
tesnvt
vntsnd
vrdear
dvrsen
enarar

```

The most common character in the first column is  `e`; in the second,  `a`; in the third,  `s`, and so on. Combining these characters returns the error-corrected message,  `easter`.

Given the recording in your puzzle input,  _what is the error-corrected version_  of the message being sent?

Commit message:

Update Day 6 Readme with Part 2

AoC16/Day06/Readme.md, after:

﻿## --- Day 6: Signals and Noise ---

Something is jamming your communications with Santa. Fortunately, your signal is only partially jammed, and protocol in situations like this is to switch to a simple  [repetition code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Repetition_code)  to get the message through.

In this model, the same message is sent repeatedly. You've recorded the repeating message signal (your puzzle input), but the data seems quite corrupted - almost too badly to recover.  _Almost_.

All you need to do is figure out which character is most frequent for each position. For example, suppose you had recorded the following messages:

```
eedadn
drvtee
eandsr
raavrd
atevrs
tsrnev
sdttsa
rasrtv
nssdts
ntnada
svetve
tesnvt
vntsnd
vrdear
dvrsen
enarar

```

The most common character in the first column is  `e`; in the second,  `a`; in the third,  `s`, and so on. Combining these characters returns the error-corrected message,  `easter`.

Given the recording in your puzzle input,  _what is the error-corrected version_  of the message being sent?


## --- Part Two ---

Of course, that  _would_  be the message - if you hadn't agreed to use a  _modified repetition code_  instead.

In this  modified code, the sender instead transmits what looks like random data, but for each character, the character they actually want to send is  _slightly less likely_  than the others. Even after signal-jamming noise, you can look at the letter distributions in each column and choose the  _least common_  letter to reconstruct the original message.

In the above example, the least common character in the first column is  `a`; in the second,  `d`, and so on. Repeating this process for the remaining characters produces the original message,  `advent`.

Given the recording in your puzzle input and this new decoding methodology,  _what is the original message_  that Santa is trying to send?
